>>LISA GARR: The
most common question
my guest today Dr.
Joe Dispenza hears
is, why is it so hard
to break an old habit,
and how do you do it?
Most people wait until it's
almost too late in order
to change.
You can learn and change
in a state of suffering,
or you can learn and
change in a state of joy.
You choose.
Neuroscientific researcher
Dr. Joe Dispenza
is an expert in the role of
function and the human brain.
He creates a bridge between
true human potential
and the latest scientific
theories of neuroplasticity.
He is a "New York
Times" bestselling
author of "Breaking the
Habit of Being Yourself,"
"You Are the Placebo,"
and his latest book,
"Becoming Supernatural."
Welcome.
>>JOE DISPENZA: Hi, Lisa.
Happy to be with you.
>>LISA: So happy to
be with you as well.
So I was talking about
that state of crisis.
And we do-- I'm saying we,
because I get there, too--
hitting rock bottom, crisis,
states of incoherence.
Why do we keep doing
that same habit?
>>JOE: Well, a habit
is a redundant set
of automatic,
unconscious thoughts,
behaviors, and emotions that's
acquired through repetition.
Habit is when you've done
something so many times
that your body
literally knows how
to do it better than your mind.
It turns out by the
time we're 35 years old,
we're a set of
memorized programs.
So the body is functioning,
and the mind is unconscious.
So when there's
crisis or there's
trauma or disease or
diagnosis or loss,
the event sometimes causes
people to feel so differently
than themselves that they
can finally see themselves
through the eyes
of somebody else.
Now, that moment in neuroscience
is called metacognition.
This is the moment where
we start paying attention
to how we think.
We start thinking about
what we're thinking about.
We start noticing how we're
acting, how we're speaking.
We start becoming aware of
the emotions that we live by.
And the moment you
start observing
those states of mind and body,
you're no longer the program.
You're the consciousness
observing that program.
And we begin to objectify
our subjective self.
In other words, you
can't read the label
when you're inside the jar.
You've got to get out of the jar
to be able to see who you are.
So most people wait
for that moment
where they feel so bad
they could finally begin
to make an effort to change.
And of course,
times are changing.
And my message is, why wait?
Why not just start creating
a future every day,
and begin to think differently,
and begin to act differently,
and begin to feel differently?
And if you do that enough times,
that becomes the new habit.
>>LISA: It becomes
the new habit.
But when the crisis--
because things are
so accelerated now,
and the more that
we get into crisis,
I think it's like a wheel.
You just spin.
Or I just spin.
I'm not going to say you.
When that upset
happens-- say you're
in this state of
coherence and it's great--
and then there's a
loss of a loved one,
or there's a flood
in your house,
or something breaks the
state that's not small.
>>JOE: Sure.
Well, I mean, we may not be
able to control everything
in our outer world.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: But we certainly can
control our inner world.
And so it's not so
important to not react.
I mean, everybody reacts.
I react.
The question is, how long
are you going to react?
So if you keep an
emotional reaction going
on for an extended
period of time,
you're memorizing that
emotion, and your body
as the unconscious
mind is believing
it's living in the same past
experience 24 hours a day,
7 days a week, 365 days a year.
The body doesn't
know the difference
between the real experience
that produces the emotion
and emotion that we
create by thought alone.
So then the emotion then
reaffirms the state.
And then people start to use
the problems and the conditions
in their life to keep
that emotion going.
And I would call
that an addiction.
So we become addicted to the
very life we don't even like.
So it's important
then for people
to realize then when you
have that moment where
you have crisis or something
breaks down, that you
do have control over it.
And it's a formula.
And it's a skill.
And our research shows
that you can teach people
how to do that.
And so then when you're
living by some emotion,
there will always be a gap
between the way things appear
and the way things really are.
Emotions alter our perception.
And if you act during
that time, you'll
always say the same thing.
I should have never said that.
I should have never done that.
I should have
never thought that.
I should have never
sent that email.
So then shortening your
emotional reactions
is a level of
intelligence then that
causes you then to recalibrate,
because most people don't think
they have control over it.
They'll say, that
person did it to me.
That circumstance is the
reason I am this way.
Then I would say, if something
in your outer environment
is controlling your
thoughts and feelings,
then you're a victim
to your environment.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>JOE: And yet how you think and
feel creates your outer world.
So if you're thinking and
feeling equal to everything
that's known in your
present personal reality,
you keep creating
more of the same.
So to change then
is to think and feel
greater than the conditions
in your environment,
and to be able to do that
to such a degree then
you're no longer reacting to
the same people in the same way.
And that takes an effort.
It's not easy in the beginning.
But once you start practicing,
you get better at it.
And just like anything else, you
start to move through your life
with more coherence.
And you're less
likely to knee jerk.
And if you're less
likely to knee jerk,
then you're not in an
unconscious program.
>>LISA: So you say
there's a formula.
Is it an anchor or
something that you
can set to break that
habit, break that pattern
from going into the crisis
mode or the overreaction
or the victimization?
>>JOE: Well, look,
I mean, everybody
I believe has done something
great in their life.
Everybody's done
something great.
And what happened?
You just got a wild idea, right?
You got a vision of
some possibility.
You were struggling with
your present circumstances,
and all of a sudden
you weren't so
interested in checking your
cell phone every two minutes.
You weren't so interested in the
dinner that you were supposed
to go to or the person
you usually call up
and complain to.
>>LISA: Picking up your phone.
>>JOE: Yeah, you're not
interested in television shows.
All of a sudden you start
thinking and contemplating,
is there a new way to do this?
Is there a better way?
What would it be
like to be healthy,
to be happy, to be free,
to have a new career,
a new relationship?
The moment you
ask that question,
you turn on the creative
center in your brain,
your frontal lobe.
The workshop.
And the frontal
lobe has connections
to the entire
landscape of the brain.
And so it wants to
answer that question.
It's the forebrain.
It's a place where we
speculate possibilities.
We invent.
We have a tension or intention.
So we say, what would it be
like to have a new career?
And the frontal lobe
goes, OK, let's look
to see what we have
stored in the brain.
We have a certain
amount of knowledge
and a certain amount
of experience.
And it begins to select these
different networks of neurons,
and begins to call them up
in relation to that question.
And when the brain starts firing
in tandem, all of a sudden you
get a picture in your mind.
That's called intention.
You're selecting a new
potential in the quantum field.
Now, to the
passionate person, the
thought that they're having in
their mind literally becomes
the experience.
And the end product
of an experience
is called an emotion.
But now they're not feeling
sadness or pain or suffering
or fear.
They're feeling gratitude.
They're feeling inspired.
They're feeling optimistic.
They're feeling a
heart-centered emotion.
And when you combine
a clear intention
with an elevated
emotion, you're beginning
to change your brain
and body from living
in the past present
reality to living
in the future present reality.
And the stronger the
emotion that you feel,
the more you'll pay attention
to the picture in your mind.
And now you're beginning
to emboss the circuitry
in your brain creating
a long-term memory
and emotionally conditioning
your body into that future.
And we could say then you're
remembering your future.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: Now, the idea
then is to get up
and to get your behaviors
to match your intentions.
You have to then stay conscious
of those thoughts that say,
start tomorrow.
I'm too tired.
This will never work.
It didn't work last time.
You've got to be the
governor of those thoughts.
You've got to start
making different choices.
And the hardest
part about change
is not making the same
choices as the day before.
>>LISA: Over and over.
>>JOE: So you've got to review
the choices that you're not
going to make.
You've got to think
about the behaviors
you're going to change.
Even how you speak.
What experiences do
you need to stay away
from certain people and
certain places and times?
And what emotions bring
you to a lower denominator
that causes you to no
longer see that vision?
Because that emotion,
that familiar emotion
is going to cause you
to view your future
through the lens of the past.
So then when you combine
a thought and a feeling,
it's called a state of being.
So then your job is to
maintain that modified
state of mind and
body your entire day,
to keep your energy
up, independent
of other people and the
conditions in your life,
independent of the habits
and emotional addictions
in your body, and
independent of time.
And I say if you do that
properly, get ready,
because something unusual is
going to happen in your life.
It's the law.
And it's going to come in a way
that you've never thought of.
That's the unknown.
That's the surprise.
The brain learns by
mistakes and surprises.
Why not have a few surprises?
So then the moment you start
feeling a familiar emotion
or you go back to an
old state of being,
you've disconnected
from your future.
And you're back to your past.
Don't expect anything to change.
And if you say it's that
person that did it to me,
I'm going to say,
great, but that's
being a victim to your life.
So then it takes practice.
And it's trial and error.
And there are days where
you have just a connection.
And it flows.
And it's smooth.
And it's free.
And other days, you're getting
hit from every direction,
because the universe is
saying, you want wealth?
You want freedom?
You want health?
Well, let me show
you how much you
have to be initiated to
maintain that state independent
of those conditions.
And when you do, now no person,
no thing will move you from it.
Now it's permanent.
And people are now beginning
to understand that.
And so the person
who heals themselves
from a disease in our
work, they say to me,
the disease exists in
the old personality.
It doesn't exist
with me anymore.
And I'm ready for
the next challenge.
Come on.
I'm ready.
I want to be challenged.
I was more alive when
I was challenged.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: Now you're no longer
contracting from your life.
You're engaging in life.
And I think that's a
healthy way to live.
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
This is your example
of your personality
creates your personal reality,
your personality change,
and it creates your personality.
I think that's beautifully said.
>>JOE: Well, your personality
is made up of how you think,
how you act, and how you feel.
So the present personality
who's watching this show
has created the present personal
reality called their life.
So it makes sense if
you want to create
a new personal reality,
a new life, you've
got to change your
personality, which
means you've got to start
thinking about what you've
been thinking about.
Start modifying your behaviors
and noticing how you feel.
And if you do that enough
times, sooner or later
you're going to disengage
from that old personality.
But the next step
is, what thoughts
do I want to fire
and wire in my brain?
What behaviors do I want
to demonstrate in one day,
in one lifetime?
And the act of closing
your eyes and rehearsing
your behaviors, mental
rehearsal actually
installs neurological
circuits in your brain.
You're priming your brain to
begin to become that person.
And then if you say, can I
teach my body emotionally
what my future is going to
feel like before it happens?
You're not going to
wait for your health
to feel wholeness and gratitude.
You're not going to wait
for your new relationship
to feel love.
That's the old model of
reality of cause and effect.
You're actually going to
cause an effect, which
means the moment you
start feeling gratitude
and wholeness, your
healing begins.
The moment you start
falling in love with life,
in yourself, you
create an equal.
So now you're causing an effect.
So then people who do this
consistently, they literally
create a new personality.
And of course, they create
a new personal reality.
Their life changes.
They have all these
different opportunities
that begin to show up.
>>LISA: I see.
>>JOE: It takes time
in the beginning,
because breaking the habit
of some aspect of yourself
requires a constant
state of awareness.
>>LISA: That was-- I was going
to ask you, how much time?
Because can this
happen in an instant,
as you've seen in
your workshops?
Or can it happen over
repetitive meditation and going
through that experience
over and over in your mind?
>>JOE: Gosh.
You know, Lisa, I'm in
such a interesting place,
because I never
thought that I would
see what I'm witnessing
in my lifetime
in the way people are
engaging in this work.
In fact, it's like
the four-minute mile.
The four-minute mile was just
a barrier of consciousness.
And now I'm seeing people, not
one, not two, not three, not
four, not five, with stage IV
cancer, or Parkinson's disease,
or lupus, or
tumors, or whatever.
They stand in front of an
audience, and they say,
I'm completely cancer free.
And they tell their story.
And it's not glamorous.
I want you to know.
They've lost everything.
They've lost their job.
They had bankruptcy.
They were sick.
They lost people.
I mean, they were challenged.
And they kept doing the work.
They could have said,
I don't feel like it.
I'm too tired.
I'm too sick.
It takes too long.
I have too many things to do.
They never excused
themselves from that effort.
And so when you witness
that in an audience--
>>LISA: Again and again.
>>JOE: Again and again
and again, not only
are you piercing a
veil of consciousness,
like the four-minute mile that
allows other people to do it,
but it's not only in the field.
But you're witnessing
the evidence.
And you cannot go back to
being the same person again.
So the woman is 68 years old.
She has Parkinson's disease.
Her face was paralyzed.
She couldn't do many things.
She could barely speak.
And now she's standing on
the stage telling her story.
And she's jumping up and down.
And you have to think,
well, if it happens to her,
it could possibly happen to me.
So then there's a
new normal that's
beginning to take place,
a new standard, where
people are beginning
to go, it is possible.
Now I understand that I
can upregulate new genes
and downregulate old genes.
Now I can rewire my brain.
I'm not doomed to this.
And so just like an infection
spreads amongst a community
and creates a disease, I believe
that health and wellness can
be as infectious as disease.
And if you get enough
people together,
you start seeing those
miraculous things.
And so I believe now
in watching people
that every time somebody
makes the effort
or has a transformation, that
information is in the field.
It's in the quantum.
But at the same
time, it's also being
spread in
three-dimensional reality,
because the evidence is here.
So we have the
measurements to prove it,
we have the people's
experience to prove it,
and we have momentum.
And so some people--
the true pathfinders,
the trailblazers.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>JOE: Some of them, it
took them three years
to reverse a genetic
condition that the doctor said
was impossible to change.
Now people who have seen that
person with the same condition
that they have are doing it
in a shorter amount of time.
So there is a momentum.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: Because there's a
shift in consciousness.
So I've seen it take
years for certain people.
Long haul.
But they made it.
But they laid footprints
for other people.
>>LISA: It does help.
Yeah, it helps.
When you see it, you believe it.
>>JOE: This is a time in history
where it's not enough to know.
This is a time in
history to know how.
And evidence speaks for itself.
That's why we've done so many
brain scans and so many HRV
measurements and genetic
tests and telomere
tests and immune system
regulation and energy tests,
because I want people
to see the evidence.
It's not just in their mind.
It's in their brain.
It's not just--
it's in their body.
We want to prove to
people that it's possible.
So then you scratch
your head and say,
if that happens to
that person, they
don't look like a movie star.
They're not like
a famous person.
They're not a Buddhist monk.
They just look like
a normal person.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: And they're
not all vegetarians.
And they're not all celibate.
And they don't-- some
of them drink wine.
I mean, they're
just normal people.
And I think that creates
some type of community
that transcends all
the things that people
do matter to matter.
You do all the right
things matter to matter.
You change your diet.
You exercise.
All important.
But if you're living
by some emotion,
if the environment
signals the gene,
and the end product of an
experience in the environment
is an emotion, and you
live by the same emotion
every single day,
you're signaling
the same gene in the same way.
And sooner or later that gene
is going to begin to break down.
Change your emotional state and
understand why you're doing it
and assign meaning to it.
And every day you get up, a
different emotional state,
you are knocking on
the genetic door,
and sooner or later you're
going to reprogram that gene.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: And we've seen it.
>>LISA: That's how
you break genetics.
That's how you break history.
>>JOE: Change your
genetic destiny.
>>LISA: Yes.
It is possible.
You spend a large
amount of your times
in these incredible
week-long intensives.
I actually want to show you an
example of what happens so you
can get a feeling for it.
Take a look.
>>JOE: If you come
to the monastery
and you pretend to be limited
by your problems in your life
because you talk about
them all the time,
that's the body and
brain you'll be wearing.
If you're laying in bed
and you've given yourself
the line you're going to do
it later, do it tomorrow,
now is the new
later at this event.
Get up, and just take your body.
Don't let it reason
with you, because it's
going to talk you out of
possibility, because you just
won't feel like it.
I want you to
understand that we're
going to push you outside
of where you normally stop.
And if you're willing to truly
put all of your attention
and effort into this, you will
begin to transform yourself
and you'll begin to
transform your life.
Once we overcome ourselves,
magic starts to happen.
Miracles start to occur.
The mysticism, the
energy of it, literally,
begins to shape and
condition the space.
And you will witness
miracles this week.
You will witness them.
>>LISA: It looks like people
are in this incredible field
from all walks of life.
How do you create that
over and over again?
>>JOE: I know a few things now.
I now know that after looking
at all these brain scans
and studying people, I
believe that you and I are
at our absolute best when
we get beyond ourselves.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>JOE: When you
forget about yourself,
that is the moment
you are connecting
to something greater.
The first couple days of
these week-long events--
people come for all
kinds of reasons.
They have a disease.
They have a loss.
They want a new life.
They want a new relationship.
They want to have a
mystical experience.
They just want to learn.
All different reasons.
And that first day, they
come with all their problems,
all their thoughts.
They're pretty much beat
up from their environment.
And we get them
through that first day
where they start to connect.
And by that second
day, they start really
starting to feel a change.
Once that happens and people
start popping, then I know then
I'm going to work with the group
to create that ecstatic state.
That's where the
miraculous happens.
And I also know that I never
try to do it the same way as I
did the time before.
Because in the quantum,
predictability and repetition
are two things
you just can't do.
So I trust the audience.
I trust the movement.
We have usually 40 to
50 different cultures
at our week-long events
from all over the world.
They're large events.
And we have such a
strong community.
And that community
is bound by love.
It's bound by elevated states.
So it happens all
different ways.
But the outcomes
are always the same.
We witness the miraculous.
>>LISA: So you had an event
in Toronto where you actually
had this entire 1,000
people propelling off
the top of the hotel.
I've never heard of this before.
>>JOE: Well, let me break it
down so it's really simple.
>>LISA: OK.
>>JOE: Over the
last six years, we
have done extensive
scientific tests on meditation
and the work that we do.
We're interested in creating
brain coherence, brain order,
synchronization,
and heart coherence.
And our students based
on our measurements
can do that very well.
But they're doing it in
a room with 1,000 people.
The music's playing.
It's quiet.
It's soft.
It's beautiful.
They're comfortable.
And they can relax
into it and really
work on their inner
world and actually follow
the instructions and be able
to connect to that process.
It's a formula.
So I started thinking
when we started
doing these week-long events.
Well, what if we create an
activity that would normally
bring up an emotion, a
stressful emotion like fear?
>>LISA: Fear.
>>JOE: Or doubt,
or unworthiness,
or voices in their
head start running.
And in that moment, eyes
open, when it counts the most
to be able to self-regulate,
to stop and realize
that they can settle
their brain and body down,
and practice it now
with the condition that
would be challenging them.
So we've done seven or so
events, week-long events.
And when I went to Toronto,
I was doing a lecture there.
And I went and checked out the
hotel we were negotiating with.
And there was no room for the
course that we normally create.
So the only way to go was up.
So I looked at the building,
and I thought, OK, this
would be an edge that would
be a great teaching if people
could come to their edge.
We all have an edge in our life.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: And be able
to in that moment
when fear could really grip
you, to make one of two choices.
Either to forget everything you
learned and go into panic mode
and go back into survival,
or say, I've got this.
Just give me a minute,
and let me regulate here.
And begin to practice
what they've learned
and take it to the next level.
Now, what's the
importance of that?
Number one, if they can
do that in that moment--
and we measure that, by the way.
>>LISA: You're
measuring their field.
>>JOE: We're measuring
their heart response.
>>LISA: OK.
>>JOE: And so when you're
fearful, your heart's racing.
>>LISA: Adrenaline, yeah.
>>JOE: But many of them settled
that whole function down,
which means then if they
can go over the edge
and literally change
that, when they come
to the edge in their life, to
the challenge in their life
that normally causes them to go
unconscious and run a program,
then in that moment
in their life,
this is when it
matters the most.
That's just the metaphor.
When they do it in
their life and they're
able to self-regulate,
they'll be
more kind and more compassionate
and more aware and more caring
and more loving and more giving
when everybody else is being
angry and hostile and fearful.
This is the test right here.
And if the scale of that
event is so challenging,
when they face the
problems in their life,
they're going to be
like, are you kidding me?
I just went over the
edge and 38 floors.
This is nothing.
And so their perception about
the challenges in their life
begin to change as well.
And so we've had
numerous breakthroughs.
We had people of
all ages doing it.
And there's a teaching that goes
with it, because this is not
an adrenaline high.
This is not what I'm teaching.
I don't want it to be
an adrenaline rush.
I actually am
after the opposite.
I'm asking for them to take
adrenaline and settle it
down and change their brain
and body in that moment
so they can overcome
that emotional state.
So if you can do
it in that moment,
that is the moment
that matters the most.
Then when you come to
the edge in your life,
you're going to move
through that edge.
And then there will
be another edge.
>>LISA: Another edge.
>>JOE: And you've got
to move through that.
But at least you'll
have a tool to be
able to do it without just
reacting unconsciously.
>>LISA: Because once
you do it, your brain
then creates that memory.
>>JOE: You experience.
The experience then is
logged in your brain.
And you say, give me a minute.
And so many people, the emails
that we get now, so many people
are just saying, my life
just seems just so easy.
I'm just moving through
it so much easier.
I'm not reacting to
the same conditions.
I'm so glad I went
over the edge.
Now, that doesn't mean that
it wasn't scary for them.
But we're giving
them a meditation
to do so they can get
in the right state.
And then they walk out.
And they stay in that state.
They keep their energy up.
And if you have an opportunity
to heal another person
and you're getting
really good at this,
you're not going to
say, oh, wait a second.
I've got to go do a
meditation and come back.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: That's not
where we're going.
You've got to be able
to say, OK, let me just
change my state.
And you've got to be able
do with your eyes open.
You've got to be able to do it
on command right on the spot.
That's where we're going.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: So now we have the
bridge the inner world
with the outer world.
We have to begin to
execute, or demonstrate
what we've been doing.
And so the training
now is not just
doing it in a meditative state.
The training now is
doing it in your life.
That's when it matters the most.
>>LISA: Eyes open,
fully wide awake.
>>JOE: Eyes open, eyes closed.
It's the same.
>>LISA: Let's take a
look here at this video
of this extraordinary event.
Take a look.
>>JOE: The challenge activity
is to test you to your edge.
When people get to that
point in their life,
they don't think that
they have any control.
What is an initiation?
You're taking an
understanding, a philosophy.
You're taking theory, knowledge,
and now you're understanding it
from an intellectual level.
We set up the conditions
and the environment.
And you're going to have
to make one of two choices;
to fall back into a program
and forget everything
you've learned,
or you're actually
going to apply what you've
learned in that moment
to take you past
those conditions.
If you can settle your brain and
body into the present moment,
you're overcoming thousands of
years of hard-wired programs
around fear.
Why don't we just
go over the edge?
[MUSIC - IMAGINE DRAGONS,
"WHATEVER IT TAKES"]
>> (SINGING) Falling too
fast to prepare for this.
Tripping in the world
could be dangerous.
Everybody circling is
vulturous, negative, nepotist.
Everybody waiting
for the fall of man.
Everybody praying
for the end of times.
Everybody hoping they
could be the one.
I was born to run.
I was born for this.
Whatever it takes.
Yeah, take me to the top.
I'm ready for whatever it takes.
'Cause I love the
adrenaline in my veins.
Whatever it takes.
'Cause I love the
adrenaline in my veins.
I do whatever it takes.
'Cause I love how it feels
when I break the chains.
Whatever it takes.
Yeah, take me to the top.
I'm ready for whatever it takes.
'Cause I love the
adrenaline in my veins.
I do what it takes.
Hypoctrical, egotistical.
Don't want to be the
parenthetical, hypothetical.
Working hard is something that
I'm proud of, out of the box.
An epoxy to the world and
the vision we've lost.
>>JOE: By the way, we set
a world record in Toronto
for the number of
people that repelled
in that amount of time.
>>LISA: How many people went?
>>JOE: I think it was like 950.
>>LISA: Oh, my goodness.
Repelled off of that.
>>JOE: Yeah, in six days.
Yeah.
And the company that we worked
with, they were so great.
And we had such a great,
great time together.
So yeah.
>>LISA: It sounds incredible.
Incredible.
But it only could happen in that
state of complete coherence.
Now, how long does
that state last?
Do you have-- do you
go in and out of it?
>>JOE: Look, I mean, it's not
like it's an on and off thing.
There are degrees of coherence.
>>LISA: OK.
>>JOE: And there's
degrees of incoherence.
OK?
Now, some of the measurements
that we're getting now, just to
talk about brain coherence.
But we started out
on this venture.
And we started measuring
brain coherence.
Now, your brain has 100
billion neurons, right?
And there's networks that are
all kind of wired together.
So you have a network
to speak a language.
You have a network
to move a body part.
You have a network to see
certain shapes and colors.
They're all just
individual networks.
And so when you're living
by the hormones of stress
and you're reacting to something
and your body's knocked out
of balance, when
you're in stress,
you can't predict
the next moment.
You have the perception that
things are going to get worse.
You have the thought that
you're losing control.
And so what happens is
these chemicals switch on
so that you're in
survival and you're
mobilizing enormous
amounts of energy
to prepare yourself for whatever
it is in the environment.
Short term, it's cool.
Everybody can handle that.
All organisms can adapt
to short-term stress.
But if the stressors
keep coming,
and you're trying to
control and predict
everything in your life, and
you're switching your attention
from your cell phone to your
problems to your husband
to the shopping
to another person,
or your boss, another thing.
Every person, every object,
every thing, every place
has a neurological
network in your brain.
So as the hormones are
arousing your brain
and you shift your
attention, if you
were to measure the brain
when it's doing that,
you have different networks
that are firing out of order.
And you measure that.
It's like a group of people
that have no rhythm playing
the drums at the same time.
>>LISA: Totally incoherent.
>>JOE: Just incoherence.
So when you're in a state
like that, what happens mostly
is you narrow your
attention on the danger.
You begin to focus on an
object in your environment
that's associated
with that danger.
So the stronger the emotion
you feel from some reaction
or condition in
your life, the more
you're going to pay
attention to the cause.
And if where you place your--
>>LISA: The television.
>>JOE: Yeah, where you place
your attention is where
you're placing your energy.
So you're giving
your power away--
your boss-- to your problem.
So then what we've realized, and
research shows it over and over
again, that when you go from
that kind of single-minded
narrow focus-- that's
only one type of focus--
and all of a sudden you
begin to expand your focus,
you begin to open
your awareness.
You go from focusing on
matter to focusing on energy,
from focusing on the
particle in quantum physics
to focus on the wave.
When you begin to
open your awareness,
and you focus on nothing.
The moment you
start sensing space,
you're no longer thinking.
If you're no longer thinking,
you're no longer analyzing.
And if you're no
longer analyzing,
you're not activating those
circuits in your brain.
So your brainwaves
start to slow down,
and the autonomic nervous
system begins to merge.
And the autonomic
nervous system now
wants to create order
and wholeness and balance
and it says, Lisa's gone.
Joe's gone.
Let's get in here and create
order while they're gone,
because what a mess.
And all of a sudden it
starts to synchronize
different compartments
in the brain.
And what sinks together
links together.
And all of a sudden the
brain starts functioning
in a more holistic state.
So we've seen in
our work when people
start getting these
different networks starting
to synchronize, we can now
predict what's going to happen.
We can say watch this.
We can say to scientists that
come and watch our work, watch
what happens with this woman.
Just keep watching.
And all of a sudden
you see the right half
of the brain talking to
the left half of the brain.
All of a sudden these two
hemispheres come together,
and the union of polarity,
the union of duality,
the union of opposites, it's
called wholeness, oneness.
And the brain has
this psychic union.
At the same time, the
heart burst wide open.
Why?
Because the person's
feeling so whole
they no longer want anything.
I mean, how could you
want when you're whole?
So now the heart is coherent.
And it's sending more
energy to the brain.
The brain is coherent.
It's sending more
information to the body.
And all this
sudden, the person's
in a whole new state of being.
So now, that was our
research last year.
Now, this year, when we start
seeing that level of coherence,
all of a sudden now we are
going to levels of energy
in the brain that have
never been recorded
in the history of neuroscience.
>>LISA: Accessed.
>>JOE: That now a person
is connecting to the field.
And they are hundreds of
standard deviations outside
of normal in a brainwave
state called gamma.
Now they're super conscious.
And not just one
part of the brain,
the entire brain is in this
super, super conscious state.
And whatever is going on
between that person's ears
is more real than this world
we're sitting in right now.
They're having a full-on
sensory experience
without their senses.
And they can't make
their brain do that.
It's happening to them.
And it's not happening with one
person, two people, or three.
We have the same patterns
over and over again.
And what we now know
they can induce it.
We now know how to create it.
And we now know we can predict
when it's about to happen.
I can say, watch this.
She's going to pop.
She's going to go.
What do you mean?
Well, just keep watching.
And when a brain
scientist looks at this,
the first thing they
think is seizure.
>>LISA: Oh!
>>JOE: They've never
seen anything like this.
And they're, oh, she's
having a seizure.
And I say, does she look
like she's having a seizure?
She's just totally connected,
a big smile on her face.
Her brain is just in a
super, super aroused state.
But the arousal is not
coming from some threat
in her environment.
The arousal is
coming from within.
I mean, her energy is
moving up into her brain.
And that level of coherence,
normal coherence-- incoherence
is like a group of people
in an audience clapping
at the end of a show.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>JOE: OK.
So then normal brain coherence
is like every five people
clapping.
Super coherence is when
everybody's clapping in rhythm.
And so that kind of order
creates energy in the brain.
So all of a sudden you see
the scale of energy going up.
And it keeps building
and keeps building.
That person is having
a mystical experience
that is going to
transform them forever.
They're not going to
be the same person.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: And so many times we
see like health conditions
disappear in one second. in
one second, because they're
getting a biological upgrade.
>>LISA: In that state.
>>JOE: In that state.
Why?
Because experience
enriches the brain.
And the end product of an
experience is an emotion.
And now a new emotion
is signaling the body.
But it's not an emotion like
a chemical, it's electric.
>>LISA: When that
brain mapping happens,
when you're looking at the
coherence in the brain,
is it a color?
Is it the full brain?
>>JOE: You can see it
many different ways.
I mean, the technology
is so amazing.
But the simple way to see is you
have 19 different compartments
that are being measured.
And you have this little thing.
You see the lines
all going like this.
Yeah, here's beta.
Then it starts slowing down.
Alpha.
And then they go into theta.
But then when they go into
this super aroused state,
just imagine grabbing a
handful of Crayola crayons
and going like that.
>>LISA: Oh, wow!
>>JOE: It looks
like a snow storm.
>>LISA: That's what
Gamma looks like?
>>JOE: High, high, high
amplitudes in gamma.
You can't read anything.
It looks like a snowstorm.
So we have to figure out other
ways to view it and other ways
to read it or scale it
down so we can see it.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
>>JOE: Yeah, it's way
outside of normal.
>>LISA: As opposed to fear, what
does the brain look like there?
Is it--
>>JOE: Great question.
So when a person's in fear, like
we're in normal beta brainwave
patterns.
We're awake.
We're aware.
And we're aware of our body
in an environment and in time.
But when you get aroused because
of some threat, from beta
you move into what's called high
beta, a super aroused state.
Now the brain is vigilant.
It's scanning the
environment to predict
what's going to happen next.
So high beta is like
driving your sports car
in first gear on the freeway.
It's not going to
last very long.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: But when we see these
transitions into gamma,
gamma is actually a faster
frequency than beta.
And the person moves
right through beta,
right through high
beta, right into gamma.
And because it's so orderly,
because most high beta is
disorderly.
But when we see
that kind of order
and they're passing
through high beta,
we know they're going
to go right into gamma.
>>LISA: They're going.
>>JOE: And they're going
to go into a very, very
high amplitudes of gamma.
>>LISA: It's amazing
that we don't
utilize this part of the
brain as often as we can.
I mean, that this is possible.
And from the experience
I went through having
a near-death experience,
I can never unsee that.
I will always know
and always seek
for this supernatural
state of being.
>>JOE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Always.
>>LISA: And now that you
experience that, it's amazing.
>>JOE: Yeah.
And the people that come back,
their spectrum of reality
broadens, because we don't
see things how they are.
We see things how we are, right?
So the brain only perceives
equal to how we're wired
and how we emotionally feel.
So imagine having a
full-on sensory experience
without your senses right now.
What if your senses were
heightened right now by 25%?
Everything you were
seeing, hearing, smelling,
tasting, feeling.
If your senses are
heightened by 25%,
your awareness of everything
around you is heightened.
Awareness is consciousness.
You can't have consciousness
without energy.
So the brain gets
a rush of energy.
And now the experience lays
the tracks down in the brain.
And now when we come
back to our senses,
we are going to perceive a
broader spectrum of reality.
Now our brain is
wired to perceive
what has always existed,
but we didn't have
the circuits to perceive it.
And now the person's getting
a broader glimpse of reality.
And science says we perceive
less than 1% of reality.
Well, now they're
getting a glimpse.
>>LISA: Yes.
But in that state as
you're describing this,
disease is so tiny, and
illnesses is so small,
and conflict is so tiny.
When you really go to
that expanded time, that
senseless incredible
state, those little things,
like a tumor, seem so small.
>>JOE: The sacred is so much
grander than the mundane.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: And so in a moment
a person is no longer
in the labyrinth of life.
They are looking at it
from a different dimension.
They know where they need to go.
They're no longer asking
anybody for answers.
They're getting a download.
>>LISA: Download, yes.
>>JOE: From the field.
And we actually
call it a download.
And with that download
comes a biological upgrade.
There is an upgrade.
Because all disease is
a lowering of frequency
according to the quantum model.
It's incoherence.
The body is disorderly.
It's slowing down in frequency.
So now once the
system switches on
and all of a sudden that person
is drawing from the field,
get ready, because
the body is going
to take on a new frequency.
And we see eczema disappear.
We see tumors shrink.
The diseases can
no longer exist,
because there's getting a--
there's a change in the human
operating system from energy.
Not from matter,
but from energy.
>>LISA: From energy.
When someone's going through
something like a chemotherapy
or--
I'm sure you've seen this--
radiation, where that tends
to be a denser frequency,
can you see them shift
out of that state
if they're currently going
through those therapies?
>>JOE: Wow.
We've seen people that
tried every therapy
and they weren't
responding to anything.
But they trusted.
Because when you
run out of options.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: And you're left
with nothing else.
>>LISA: Right.
>>JOE: And it's framed in a
way that you can see that you
can actually connect to.
I mean, think about this.
How much of your
waking day do you
have your attention on matter?
And how much of your waking
day do you have your attention
on the field or energy?
Most people are local
in space and time.
And so all of their
attention is on matter.
So in our work, we say when
you take your attention
off your body,
you become nobody.
When you take your
attention off all the people
in your life and your
identity, you become no one.
When you take your attention off
your cell phone, your computer,
your car, you're a no thing.
When you take your attention
off the place you're sitting,
the place you need to
be, you're in nowhere.
If you're not thinking
about the past or the future
and you're in the present
moment, you're in no time.
And that's the moment you
become pure consciousness.
That's the moment
you're disinvesting
all of your attention
and energy out
of this three-dimensional
reality.
Now, this three-dimensional
reality is real to us,
because we perceive
it with our senses.
But the quantum is a realm
that exists beyond the senses.
And you could only experience
it with your awareness.
So then imagine--
>>LISA: It's just as real.
>>JOE: It's more real.
So then just because
you can't see something
doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
So then if I said to
you, pay attention to it.
Connect to it.
Become more aware of it.
Stay present with it.
Moment after moment after
moment, like a radio dial,
your nervous system is
tuning into frequencies.
Sooner or later you're not
doing it with your body.
If you're back in
your body, you're back
in three-dimensional reality.
You have to get beyond your
body, your environment,
and time.
Now, that's the moment you're
on the bridge to the quantum
field.
But if you're going to
connect to that field,
there are greater and greater
levels of order and oneness.
So then as you begin to
connect to that information
and you look for it
and you tune into it,
every time you feel something
your brain lays down a circuit.
Why?
That's what experience does.
Now you're putting
the circuits in place
for you to perceive more of it.
And if you're focusing
on the divine,
you just may see the
divine in everybody.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: Everything.
>>JOE: Because your
brain is wired for it.
>>LISA: Yes, it seeks for it.
There is this great video where
you show the metronome getting
into that coherent field.
This is really impactful.
I want you to pay
attention to this.
Take a look.
>>JOE: So then as you
start opening your focus
and sensing space
and nothing, as you
begin to unfold into
that infinite vast void,
the longer you can linger
there as an awareness,
and you're touching and
tuning into a frequency called
the unified field,
which's signature
is order and rhythm,
which is wholeness,
sooner or later coherence
is going to begin
to consume incoherence.
And all of a sudden
the brain will begin
to become more integrated.
>> He didn't know
anything about me.
And he knew that I had
PTSD, that I had ADD,
I had the hypervigilance,
everything.
He could tell that by my brain.
And like I said, it
was kind of shocking,
but it also gave
me a lot of hope,
because I knew that
through this brain mapping,
I could measure my progress.
And I actually had the
objective measurements.
The brain maps showed me I could
actually go into my meditations
and use that information
in my meditations to help
start to heal my myself.
>>JOE: And all of
sudden, you see
the front of the brain talking
to the back of the brain.
We've seen this so many times.
You see the right side
of the brain talking
to the left side of the brain.
And all of a sudden,
you see the brain
starting to move into
a more holistic state.
Those brain waves
become highly coherent.
When that happens, that energy
moves right into the heart.
And all of a sudden,
the person starts
to feel connected to
something greater.
>>LISA: I see that over
and over again where
that negative thought
will cause everything
to go out of balance.
And it'll cause total chaos.
And once I start
getting into nature
or I find something that
gets me into coherence
and pulls me back, it
will start to affect
everything else in my body.
>>JOE: Sure.
>>LISA: And it can be done.
You don't need to
be a Buddhist monk.
You don't need to have--
going through a full week-long
workshop is recommended,
but you can do it instantly.
It's all up to us.
>>JOE: Our research
shows that you actually
don't need 40,000 hours
or 40 years of meditation.
We're doing it in a week.
I mean, it's a formula.
And once you lock
into that formula.
>>LISA: You keep saying formula.
>>JOE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Can you
share that with us?
Or have you already?
>>JOE: No, I haven't.
I mean, the formula, of course,
is the different meditations
that we do.
>>LISA: OK.
>>JOE: And I now know--
it's so wild, because we've
done so many great measurements,
that in certain meditations
I can say certain words,
and all 14 people that are
getting their brain scanned
will all go into gamma
at the same time.
>>LISA: Really?
>>JOE: They're conditioned.
>>LISA: Wow.
So the formula is
we now know how
to get people into that state.
And then once they're
in that state,
now they're accessing
from the field.
They're connected to
something greater.
And now it becomes less
about changing matter.
They don't change matter.
That's the illusion.
They just change the field.
And when you change the
field, it changes matter.
So people are changing their
beliefs on how that's done.
So the formula then is
getting to that point where
they get beyond themselves
and they're connecting
to the consciousness of
everybody, of everyone,
of everything, of
everywhere, of every time.
That is the oneness field.
That is the field.
That's where all the
information exists.
>>LISA: Ah.
>>JOE: Now, there's a caveat
to this, because we've
seen this so many times.
Because when you reach that
moment, all the things that you
thought you wanted,
you no longer want,
because you feel like
you have everything.
>>LISA: Complete.
>>JOE: And it's a
very unusual feeling,
because the side effect
of that is that you now
are less interested in anything
outside of you bringing you
joy.
It's coming from within you.
And that's what you want.
So then imagine, like our
students, certain people,
their oxytocin levels
go up 200 or 300 times
at the end of a workshop.
Oxytocin is the love chemical.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: So imagine having
so much love for life.
I mean, oxytocin
levels, Lisa, normally
go up when a female mammal is
bonding with her offspring,
or in the beginning
stages of a relationship
and there's intimacy,
the oxytocin
creates monogamy and
bonding and stuff.
And my colleagues that look
at my research, they say,
why you measuring oxytocin
in your workshops?
I mean, that's normally
in the honeymoon stage
of a relationship.
What are you guys doing there?
And I say, I want
our students to fall
in love with their future,
fall in love with the divine.
>>LISA: You have to, yes.
>>JOE: And my goodness.
So then when oxytocin
levels go up 200 times,
imagine having
feeling so much love
you wouldn't want to trade this
feeling for anyone or anything.
>>LISA: How are you
measuring oxytocin?
>>JOE: We're doing--
>>LISA: Blood tests?
>>JOE: Blood,
saliva, everything.
I mean, we have people pee
in cups, spitting in cups.
We're puncturing people.
But imagine, imagine, this
is an important point,
because what is
unconditional love?
Isn't it when you
just allow people?
Imagine having so much, feeling
that consistent feeling.
It's measured in
their oxytocin levels,
their neurotransmitters,
their heart coherence.
There's a different
brain system switched on.
You would say, I'm not going
to give this feeling up
for anyone or anything.
That's the moment you're free.
Now, that's the
moment where you're
less likely to rely on
anybody outside of you
to bring you love.
In fact, you just feel
love for no reason.
>>LISA: It's exactly
what's happening
right here, right now, and for
anyone watching this video.
They can easily tune into this
field of coherence and love.
>>JOE: Well, of course, I have
to remind them of everything
they're about to do
and why we're doing it,
a lot of information.
Get them sharing
that information.
I now know, Lisa, if I can
get a group of people together
and I can give them sound
scientific information.
And science is the contemporary
language of mysticism.
Science is what
demystifies the mystical.
The moment you talk religion
or culture or tradition,
you're going to divide an
audience, because someone's
going to switch off.
But when you science,
science creates
that kind of unification.
So every time you learn
something new-- you know this.
You've seen the videos--
you make new connections
in your brain, right?
So if I'm combining quantum
physics with neuroscience,
neuroendocrinology,
psychoimmunology, epigenetics,
whatever, and I'm putting it
together in a model for them
to understand, they're
learning that information.
Well, if learning is
making new connections,
remembering is maintaining them.
So if I say to them, turn
to the person next to you
and explain what I just said,
if they can't explain it,
it's not wired in their brain.
So between the two people,
they start building
a model of understanding.
And they start--
I don't want to hear about your
past or any other theories.
Just repeat what I said.
So as they begin to fire
and wire those circuits,
they're installing the
neurological hardware
in their brain in preparation
for an experience.
And the more they understand
what they're doing and why,
the how gets easier.
So then if I can set up the
conditions and the environment
and give them the proper
instruction, the people that
get their behaviors to
match their intentions
and their actions
equal to the thoughts,
they're going to have some
type of new experience
or transformation.
So then the transformation
then that we've
measured over the years
gives me more information
to teach transformation
the next time.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Yes, yes.
>>JOE: So now we've just got
it down to a little bit more
of a science.
So that first day,
look, I've looked
at enough brain
scans in real-time,
and I know this now, that
when you analyze your life
within some disturbing
emotion, you're
going to make your brain
worse, because you're
thinking in the past.
When you get that person
beyond their analytical mind
and beyond those
emotions, they're free.
They'll have the answer,
because they're outside the box.
Now they're free to see it
from a different perspective.
>>LISA: Do you think
that we're actually
accessing different dimensions,
like the fifth dimension?
>>JOE: Wow.
I don't think we have
enough time for that.
But when you leave this
three-dimensional reality,
the fourth-dimensional
reality is time, right?
And when you're somebody as
someone with something living
somewhere and in
some time, you're
your personality trapped in
three-dimensional reality.
You've got to play by the rules
of three-dimensional reality,
Newtonian physics.
The moment you become nobody,
no one, no thing, nowhere,
and no time, that's the moment
you become pure consciousness.
And you're disinvesting all
your attention and energy
out of this
three-dimensional reality.
Now, that is the
bridge to the quantum.
So then when you
start paying attention
to that energy,
that information,
and you start connecting to
greater and greater degrees
of oneness and wholeness, and
you become the consciousness
of everybody, everyone,
everything, everywhere,
and every time, now you're
entering that fifth dimension
where there are multiple,
multiple realities that you get
to experience simultaneously.
Now, this is the mystical.
This is the end part
of our workshops,
that Saturday and Sunday where
we explain the secret elixirs
of the pineal gland and how
to activate that little radio
receiver in the
back of your brain
that picks up information,
what happens when
the metabolites are released
from the derivatives
of melatonin that switch
on different systems.
That's when you start to
experience more of yourself.
Not the self called
Lisa, the very big Lisa
that has this connection
to so many different realms
and possibilities.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>JOE: And again, you can't
come back as the same person.
You can't.
>>LISA: You just did it.
You just showed us all that,
and just a little piece.
Yes, absolutely.
And you can-- that's a brilliant
way of describing mystics,
because they spend so
much time in that place
of that fifth dimension.
They're rarely in the
first, second, and third.
>>JOE: It's really
interesting, because when
you create from
three-dimensional reality,
get ready.
It's going to take time.
Because--
>>LISA: You're going to
create more of the same.
>>JOE: Well, not only that.
If you're going to create like
a vision, a dream of what you
want, a new job, or whatever, a
new relationship, a new house,
it's going to take
you time to go get it,
because you've got to drag
your body through space.
And it takes time.
When you create from
the fifth dimension,
you actually are
doing the opposite.
You're actually
collapsing space and time.
And you're drawing
the experience to you.
You don't go and get it.
When there's a vibrational match
with your energy and something
in your future and you're
creating from the fifth,
you're not playing by
Newtonian physics any longer.
You're playing by quantum,
which means now you
are drawing your future to you.
You're a magnet to your destiny.
So things start showing up
in your life out of nowhere,
because you created
them from nowhere.
Something appears
out of nothing,
because you created
it from nothing.
It happens in no time, because
you created it in no time.
And so now you're less
likely to go and get it.
You're more likely to tune
into it and bring it to you.
So now you're not rushing
anywhere to get it.
You feel like you understand
that there's a different way
to do it.
So I'm proud to say that
the people in our community
that do this work,
they do it every day.
You know why?
Because they see the magic.
And they don't want
the magic to end.
>>LISA: It's effortless.
>>JOE: They don't wake
up and say, oh, god,
I've got to create
my future today.
They're not like that.
They're like, let's go.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>JOE: They're excited to do it.
And the enthusiasm is the
energy of creation, right?
>>LISA: They attract it.
So do you then, do
you watch the news?
Do you follow what's happening?
Do you-- that's definitely
a different frequency.
>>JOE: I do watch the news,
because I want to be informed.
But for me personally,
I never focus on people.
I focus on principles.
So when you focus
on a principle,
you're less likely to put
it on a person or a thing.
When you focus on
principles, people
can align with
principles, and no longer
be deceived by people or things.
And so I do watch it, because
I want to be informed.
And I do think this is
a really incredible time
to be alive, because a new
awareness, because of knowledge
and information, creates
a new consciousness.
A new consciousness
creates a new energy.
And that new energy is
unraveling everything;
politically, economically,
socially, religion, education,
journalism, the
environment, medicine.
Everything's coming
apart, because it should.
We're way more powerful
than all of this.
And all those things have to
be exposed for people to really
realize, oh, it's
always been within me.
>>LISA: I always
ask my guests just
to wrap up here,
your biggest why.
What is the biggest reason
why you, Joe Dispenza,
do what you do for humanity?
Why?
>>JOE: Why not?
I mean, there's nothing
else I want to do.
I mean, I have a great
job, and witnessing
human transformation, and
being a part of transformation.
And we're wired to
care for one another.
We're wired to
serve one another.
We're wired to truly
contribute to one another.
That's who we are.
All of this media and
television and war and politics,
prejudices, all to create lack
of trust and separation, right?
So when you witness that
kind of transformation,
all the lost luggage, all
the missed flights, all
the late flights, all the
challenges we have, none of it
matters for that one person
who stands up and says,
my tumor is gone.
To me, I changed
somebody's future.
And that person is going to
change other people's future.
One friend of mine
said the other day,
who had brain cancer, that just
got a clean bill of health,
a West Point graduate.
She went to her doctor.
Do you know what her
doctor said to her?
Now I remember why I got into
medicine in the first place.
She changed his life
just by saying--
and he pronounced her--
she wasn't going to
make it a few times,
and she never gave up.
>>LISA: That's a great reason.
>>JOE: He said, I am so
happy to tell you this.
So happy.
So you never know what
you do in choosing
to believe in this
stuff who you're going
to affect in some future time.
And that's what
creates community,
and that kind of emergence
of people that share
the same energy, the same
beliefs, the same thoughts,
the same behaviors.
That's a new community.
And you don't try to
fix what's broken.
You create something better.
And everybody leaves
there and goes to there.
And for me, I just want
to contribute in some way
and make a difference.
>>LISA: Well, that's what it
means to become supernatural.
And that's the
name of your book.
And it's obviously what
you're teaching us.
And if we could all be in this
field of becoming supernatural,
what a beautiful
place we would be in.
>>JOE: It's a start.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Thank you so much, Joe.
>>JOE: You're welcome.
>>LISA: It's a true
pleasure to have you here.
>>JOE: Thank you.
>>LISA: And if you would like
to watch any of my other shows
with Dr. Joe Dispenza, just
go to "Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.